# juanrozu23.github.io

<h1> Dance & Connect </h1>

<h2> WHAT IS IT: </h2>
<p> In the process of learning web design and development, an opportunity arose to showcase the lighthearted and upbeat film "Dance & Connect." This webpage, with the same name name as the film, is intended to align itself with the principles and message that the filmmakers convey. A more detailed description of the concept can be found in the website, yet the core idea of the film is to encourage people to dance, as I believe it is an incredible way to establish connections. Beyond mentioned elements that unite us, akin the university or the pandemic, dancing is a pure expression of oneself and has helped me and my friends to really enjoy university because of it. This es exactly what the webpage intents to transmit. The clean style, light colors, white background, and dynamic components are all themed around this feeling of enjoyment and freedom associated with dance. Furthermore, the simple usability and goofy elements are expected to make this idea more approachable and wecoming. </p>

<p> The webpage, seen from left to right, begins by showcasing the film, the dancers, and explaining the concepts above. Later, however, it assumes a more general perspective by inviting all visitors to reach out and submit their videos dancing. That is, the film is treated as an introduction to an ideology of letting go, expressing yourself through the movement of your body as if no one was watching. By doing so, one will be able to understand what is it that connects us. </p> 

<h2> PROCESS: </h2>
<p> The webpage was started when I had a basic knowledge of HTML only. As the weeks went by, I was introduced to CSS and Java Script, and more complex elements to apply. I believe this is noticable in the code, as the complexity and efficiency of the code improves as the code runs. Towards the latter code lines and .html files, one can find a clearer stucture of throught in the writing of the code. Regardless,a lot of time was spent in making sure Dance and connect was functional, properly coded, and user friendly. The header is constructed with fixed elements and the position properties (left, top, bottom, right), and the body for most of the .html files was constructed using flex boxes. The JS was the hardest to implement, so it is currently only applicable for index.htm (the main page). My focus was on user experience during the whole process, and making sure everything runs clean. </p>

<h2> REFLECTION: </h2>
<p> Initially, a wireframe was constructed without consideration of boundaries that time and skill would set. Throughout the building process of the website, I tried to be as loyal as I could to the wireframe, yet had to edit some elements out, as they did not translate well to the design with my current knowledge. I initiallt wrote all the HTML, and thought it was complete. Yet, as soon as I started with the CSS I realized the big mistake I made. I believe, all languages should be written simultaneously to make sure the webpage is taking shape element by element. The positioning was a big challenge for me... I designed the header without display: flex; which caused many problems down the line. Yet, in later html files, I was able to use and understand this concept well. Regarding the interactivity of the site, it is currently very basic. The little time whch we were given to code in JS combined with a very hectic week prevented me from learning (and implementing) more complex elements. Overall, I am very happy with the final product. Given the chance, I would make a few edits mostly for reactivity and efficiency, but I am very proud of having Dance & Connect be my first complete website. </p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q6Rxfr-oeioA-NdCGH7iZDCe3z3o_3Y8/view?usp=sharing">See my Wireframe (PDF) Here!</a>
